In the last few sections,
you got introduced to a lot of new ideas.
This section is a little break from new concepts and should actually go pretty quick.
We'll use all the same ideas you just learned,
to apply them to all types of files like images,
PDFs, videos, and entire folders.
I won't go over all the same things like updating files.
It's really just to show you how these same ideas apply to all file types.
I'm really hoping that the last sections covered the concepts well enough
that you're able to apply them to these new file types. Let's get started.
First, let's upload an image to IPFS.
I put an image in my directory called image.jpg.
You can upload this using ipfsaddimage.jpg.
To view this image, type ipfs cat followed by the hash value of this image.
Since you can't really see an image in the terminal what it
shows you instead is an encoded version of this image.
To actually view it,
go back to the IPFS Gateway in your browser and include the image hash,
you originally got back.
Great, there it is.
Just to show you, I also have a PDF and video in my directory.
I'll type ipfsaddbook.pdf to add the PDF.
I'll also type IPFS add video.mp4 to add the video.
Any of these files are now viewable through the Gateway using their hash value.
I'll check out the video just because I think it's really cool to see.
Okay, we'll run through that pretty quick and it would be
great if you have some time to explore this for yourself.
It's pretty simple once you get used to it,
but there's one more thing you might find interesting.
Rather than uploading files one by one,
you can upload an entire directory using the -R flag.
Similar to these other commands,
-R isn't specific to IPFS.
It's a Linux command that will go through each file
and folder within the directory you specify.
Along with the IPFS add command, this is saying,
''Go through this folder,
every file and folder within the folder and add all of them to IPFS.''
So, let's try it. To start,
I'll back out of the folder I'm in using cd dot dot. Now, I'll add that
folder using ipfsadd-Ripfs.
The second IPFS is just because that happens to be the name of the folder.
What we get back is a value for each file
within the folder and a hash for the folder itself.
Using this directory hash,
we can do a couple of new things.
First, we can look at the contents of the folder at anytime using
ipfs ls and then the hash value of the directory.
Great, there they are.
We can also look up this folder and its files using the IPFS Gateway.
To do that, go back to your web browser and
change the hash value to the one given for the folder.
You can click on any of the files here to see them,
just the same as you did before.
I'll click on the image to look at that,
back out and then click on the text to view that.
Pretty cool. One last thing,
it's been awhile since we looked at the web UI,
but at this point it's worth checking out.
To see these files from the web UI,
go back to localhost:5001/webui and select files from the left sidebar.
There you'll see all the files you've been uploading and
can check them out using RAW or DAG like before.
So, that wraps up the commands you'll need to know to work with any type of file in IPFS.
At this point, you can upload pretty much anything.
In this video, we work specifically with images,
videos, PDFs and directories.
Feel free to experiment more with this for yourself.
When you're ready, I'll see you in the next section,
we will put our first code on the IPFS by building a basic website using HTML.